GraphiQL component: `forcedTheme ` (#3407)
graphql/graphiql: .changeset/famous-shirts-mate.md

---
'graphiql': minor
---

> Create new prop to GraphiQL component: `forcedTheme` to control the theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a new prop to GraphiQL component: `forcedTheme` to force the theme and hide the theme switcher.
```
